# CS-340-SNHU

- How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  When I write my code, I like to keep each function as its own thing and not mix 2 different functions together. For example, my read and update functions do not interweave with each other. This makes the code more maintainable and even more readable since another programmer could look back and see that the functions are separate entities and won't get confused. I also add a lot of comments to help with readability. For adaptability, this just means that the user could replicate the code easily and change/add what they want to it and the program won't have to be trashed completely. I think the main advantages to working this way are ending up good code, updatable code, and easy-to-understand code. The CRUD module I could use in the future if I wanted to make my own databases in MongoDB and have an easier way to create, read, update, and delete, any entries I may have in those databases easily.

- How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  
  As a computer scientist, one should approach a problem, actually understand it, and break it into smaller tasks. I personally like to reread the prompts a couple of times and write it in my own words until I understand what is expected. Then, I like to make smaller tasks out of the problem and break it up so I don't confuse myself and hit every feature the problem needs. I think my approach for this project was a bit different from other courses since I had to take a lot of time to understand the in's and out's of MongoDB. Most of my time was spent reviewing MongoDB documentation first so that I could understand the prompt better. For the future,

- What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
